src/content/post/Dr-Venegas-Shares-Fondecyt-1211310-Project-Results-in-the-UK.md, before:

---
title: Dr. Venegas Shares Fondecyt 1211310 Project Results in the UK
excerpt: >-
  Dr. Rodolfo Venegas presented research on acoustic metamaterials and porous
  materials at UK institutions and an international congress.
image: ~/assets/images/blog/R_Venegas_UK1.png
publishDate: 2022-09-04T04:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - FONDECYT Regular 1211310
category: Conferences
---

In August, Dr. Rodolfo Venegas presented findings from the project Active Inner Sources in Acoustic Metamaterials and Multiscale Porous Materials (Fondecyt Regular 1211310) during an international tour in the United Kingdom. He delivered seminars on acoustic materials with internal sources at the University of Sheffield (Department of Mechanical Engineering), the University of Manchester (Department of Mathematics), and the Acoustics Research Centre at the University of Salford.

Dr. Venegas also organized a “Multiscale Porous Materials” session at the 51st International Congress and Exposition on Noise Control Engineering (Internoise 2022) in Glasgow, where he presented one of his research papers. The tour not only helped disseminate the project’s results but also raised discussions with current and prospective collaborators, reinforcing the internationalization efforts of the faculty.

Accompanied by graduate student Gabriel Núñez—who also engaged in research at the University of Salford as part of a Memorandum of Understanding with UACh—the tour was deemed a success, achieving its goal of showcasing innovative research and building scientific partnerships.

You can access this news on the [Acústica UACh website](https://www.acusticauach.cl?p=15517).

<p><small><i>This post was generated with the assistance of AI.</i></small></p>

Commit message:

Dr-Venegas-Shares-Fondecyt-1211310-Project-Results-in-the-UK.md

src/content/post/Dr-Venegas-Shares-Fondecyt-1211310-Project-Results-in-the-UK.md, after:

---
title: Dr. Venegas disseminated Fondecyt 1211310 project's results in the UK
excerpt: >-
  Dr. Rodolfo Venegas presented research on acoustic metamaterials and porous
  materials at UK institutions and an international congress.
image: ~/assets/images/blog/R_Venegas_UK1.png
publishDate: 2022-09-04T04:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - FONDECYT Regular 1211310
category: Conferences
---

In August, Dr. Rodolfo Venegas presented findings from the project Active Inner Sources in Acoustic Metamaterials and Multiscale Porous Materials (Fondecyt Regular 1211310) during an international tour in the United Kingdom. He delivered seminars on acoustic materials with internal sources at the University of Sheffield (Department of Mechanical Engineering), the University of Manchester (Department of Mathematics), and the Acoustics Research Centre at the University of Salford.

Dr. Venegas also chaired the session “Multiscale Porous Materials” at the 51st International Congress and Exposition on Noise Control Engineering (Internoise 2022) in Glasgow, where he also presented one of his research papers. The trip not only helped to disseminate the project's results but also raised discussions with current and prospective collaborators, reinforcing the internationalization efforts of the Faculty of Engineering Sciences at UACh.

Accompanied by graduate student Gabriel Núñez —who also engaged in research at the University of Salford as part of a Memorandum of Understanding with UACh—the trip was deemed a success, achieving its goal of showcasing innovative research and building up scientific partnerships.

You can access this news at [Acústica UACh website](https://www.acusticauach.cl?p=15517).

<p><small><i>This post was generated with the assistance of AI.</i></small></p>
